Improve documentation of toric varieties (#800)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/ToricVarieties/NormalToricVarieties.md

## Constructors

### Affine toric varieties

```@docs
AffineNormalToricVariety(C::Cone)
NormalToricVariety(C::Cone)
AffineNormalToricVariety(v::NormalToricVariety)
```

### Cyclic Quotient Singularities

Cyclic quotient singularities are quotients of $\mathbb{C}^2$ by the action of
$\mathbb{Z}/n\mathbb{Z}$ acting via 
$$\left(\begin{array}{cc}\xi & 0\\0 & \xi^q\end{array}\right)$$,

> where $\xi$ is a $n$-th root of unity, and $0<q<n$ are two coprime integers.

Reviewer: For me, `$0<q<n$ are two coprime integers` is not clear (as `$0<q<n$` is/are not "two integers"). How about this:
```suggestion
where $\xi$ is a $n$-th root of unity, and $0<q<n$ is coprime with $n$.
```
or even better
```suggestion
where $\xi$ is a $n$-th root of unity, and $q$ is coprime with $n$.
```
(I don't think it is necessary to mention `0<q<n$ for the definition, is it?)

Author: This is ok for me. @lkastner, I believe you wrote this code (while I merely copied it to a different location). Are you ok too? Are we overlooking something?

Reviewer 2: This is not ok, as this omits the other two conditions, namely $0<q$ and $q<n$. Is this a formulation issue? The formulation "are coprime integers" and "are two coprime integers" is not that uncommon, but if it makes you happy we can say "coprime with". So I then suggest:
```suggestion
where $\xi$ is a $n$-th root of unity, and $q$ and $n$ are integers, such that $q$ is coprime with $n$, and $0<q<n$.
```

Author: Thank you Lars.

For the notation we rely on [Chr91](@cite) and [Ste91](@cite).

!!! warning
    Note that the notion of Hirzebruch-Jung continued fraction differs from the

>     commonly known continued fraction.

Reviewer: This remarks is a bit "out of the blue" here. I assume it makes sense if one has read the two citations you give above? Then I'd mention this, e.g.
> CITE and CITE use Hirzebruch-Jung continued fractions, which differ from the usual  continued fractions found in most literature, and also used by the rest of OSCAR.

Author: Ok for me, but again written by @lkastner (and I merely copied it to a different location). @lkastner are you ok with this change?

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me, so I make this concrete:
```suggestion
    Note that [Chr91](@cite) and [Ste91](@cite) use Hirzebruch-Jung continued fraction, which differ from the
    commonly known continued fraction from literature and used in the rest of OSCAR.
```

Author: Thank you Lars.
